good to everyone here
why
of that
suddenly on the floor
is the game that people jumping and I
I'm filming, I'm going to record the normal
of the battery or imagined I imagined
it was a hardware but nothing freaking
flipping friends
when he comes to settle everything
parts
clear but people fighting over the
rooftop staying blown and me too
I can be because I would be killing people who
they kill people jumping I stayed all
signed I did not want to teach the I guess that
you will have seen a lot of hacks and all that
but it's the first time I see why the
truth is that I see one more live or
I 'm playing the martyr itself
the normal thing is that you stay
we are hallucinated hallucinated and friendly and
Come on, let's go, nothing, let's say nothing
the companions
I do not color to see if the name comes out that
he already called me and he tells me no that's what
someone who has someone who has
left the game or something like that and gives us
permissions to all so that we can use and
I without knowing this, imagine the normal
true
a curious anecdote the truth is that
I had never found a couple that
make grace
to vote for the soil and the animals
because more than 10 meters but you do not die
whether or not you die when falling you come back
someone shoots you from above nothing the
truth is that I was hallucinating with
this game
jumping what are you going to do
I hope you enjoyed a greeting to
all and until my next video
very well
Sun
and there and mention you